[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>LISA GARR: Hi.
I'm Lisa Garr, host of
"Gaiam Inspirations."
Today I am joined by Angel
Communicator Doreen Virtue,
in her hometown of Maui, Hawaii.
And this is a very special
show, because the messages
that Doreen has been
receiving from her angels
have been more intense
over the years,
and I wanted her to come
back on to learn more
about this divine
communication and how
it can help us in our lives.
Not only does Doreen have
a Ph.D. in psychology
and is a lifelong
clairvoyant, she
is one of Hay House's
most popular authors.
She's appeared on
"Oprah," "The View,"
"CNN," and she's joining us
here today to talk about some
of her latest communication
from the divine.
Thank you so much
for being here.
>>DOREEN VIRTUE: Well, aloha.
>>LISA: Aloha.
>>VIRTUE: Thank you
for coming out to Maui.
We really appreciate
you being here.
>>LISA: It's been wonderful.
And you have so much to share
about the magic of the island
as well.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah, it
truly is magical.
And healing.
A deeply healing place.
>>LISA: We are here by
Black Rock, in Kanapali.
And what is the significance of
that-- of the Black Rock here?
You said that it's a
very significant part
of the island--
>>VIRTUE: Well, the
lava, of course,
has a lot of the magnetic, and
the yin and the yang energy,
together.
When you have the flow of the
ocean connected with the rock
there, you get the
yin and the yang,
and so it's very
powerful for balancing.
For releasing.
Of course it's a
very sacred place,
where there's been cliff
diving forever, and still is.
And this is a-- this is
one of my favorite places
to go swimming, too, because
there's rich sea life here.
There's always honu,
or turtles, here--
>>LISA: Big sea turtles, yes--
>>VIRTUE: Beautiful sea turtles.
And monk seals are here,
lots of spotted eagle
rays-- just beautiful.
It's like an aquarium out there.
It's just absolutely beautiful.
>>LISA: And you moved
here how long ago?
>>VIRTUE: I moved from
Laguna Beach, California
to the big island of
Hawaii-- Kona-- in 2006.
And I'd lived there until
what's called the "vog"--
volcano fog-- chased me out.
Kilauea has 13 vents
open right now,
and so it's like-- it's
like being in San Francisco
on a foggy day.
Or London.
>>LISA: Constantly foggy.
>>VIRTUE: You don't
see the sun there.
And so I hopped over from
the big island to Maui,
and there's still
some of that here--
the volcano fog-- but
nothing like Kona.
So it's nice to be
back in the sunshine.
And it really is a very
high vibrational place here.
When you go around Maui,
there's this sense of happiness.
I mean, aloha, of course,
means-- it means love,
it means breath, and you
really get that aloha spirit,
for the most part, here.
I mean, no place is
perfect, but this is--
having traveled around
the world a few times,
this is pretty darn close--
>>LISA: Why did you--
>>VIRTUE: --to being perfect.
>>LISA: --yeah, choose Maui,
after being around the world
several times?
>>VIRTUE: And I
was looking, too.
I mean, Australia was
definitely in the running.
I like Australia a lot,
especially the Queensland side.
But I do like being in America.
I like the American culture,
having been raised in that.
What I love about Maui is
there's a sense of slowness.
And also, having been raised
in Southern California, where--
as you know, because you're
from Southern California,
too-- that pressure to
compete, and go faster,
and there's a Starbucks
on every corner,
and everyone has to drive a
German-- this year's model car.
And you must have
the latest purse.
Or you just don't fit in.
Well, it's the opposite here.
Here, if you have a fancy
car or you dress fancy,
you're labeled as a tourist.
Not that there's anything
wrong with being a tourist.
But you just--
when you live here,
you don't want to
be mistaken for one.
So here, everyone drives
Toyotas that are old.
You never get
dressed-- I mean, this
is really dressed up to me.
When I wore this one to
the store, they were, like,
what are you doing?
Are you going out?
So you wear-- you wear shorts,
you wear sundresses here.
So you don't have to be
conscious of the material chase
here.
You really can go within.
And it really is
about recognizing
people on that true
namaste level here.
Are they in integrity?
Are they peaceful?
Are they happy?
Are they walking their talk?
Much more than what do they
drive, or what do they wear.
>>LISA: I can tell.
And it's been a beautiful
transition for you.
>>VIRTUE: Yes.
>>LISA: There's many
different things that
have happened in your life.
Did all of this-- yes, I know,
the last time we saw you,
you were, you were blonde.
>>VIRTUE: Yes.
>>LISA: Mm-hm.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
>>LISA: Now this is back
to your natural color.
>>VIRTUE: This is
my natural color.
Although I have to admit, I'm
using a little natural coloring
to fight the grey.
It's ironic-- I spent so many
years fighting the brunette,
and now that I want the
brunette, it's like, no,
we want to be grey.
But, I think, Southern
California-- I
really got caught up
in that "fitting in."
And of course, in
California, you're blonde.
And so I really
lost myself a lot.
Although, it's fun-- I
mean, blondes do have fun--
but when I came here, I
just wanted to be real.
So I pulled off the
artificial nails.
I had artificial eyelashes.
I pulled them off.
Got rid of the artificial color.
You know, no spray tanning,
or Botox, or anything.
Just me.
So doing that on the outside
has helped me, on the inside,
to be more natural, too.
>>LISA: And you've also--
are a vegan, as well.
>>VIRTUE: I've been
a vegan since 1996.
>>LISA: A long time.
OK.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah--
that was something
that I was told to do.
And actually, it was a
pretty easy transition.
Fish took me a while, but
I gave up fish then, too,
and-- it's not for
everyone, to be a vegan.
But I'm 100% vegan.
I don't wear leather.
My purses aren't leather.
Just because, to me, that's one
way I can make a difference.
But it's not for everyone.
I'm not one of those pushy
vegans, or judgmental vegans,
and, I mean, I eat
meals with people
who are sitting there
eating meat next to me,
and I don't even blink.
And my dogs eat meat.
So it's-- to each its own.
For me, it's the path of
gentleness and compassion.
And so one of the things I
did since I got here was,
I went through my
closet, and-- you've
known me through the years.
You know, I like to shop,
and in traveling the world,
and going to these--
>>LISA: Collect
different things--
>>VIRTUE: Collect
different things.
But what I found
is, I was getting
really sensitive to any
kind of pain energy.
And that I could feel clothing
that was made in sweatshops.
And I could really feel
that, when it was on my body.
It just felt like--
like, this isn't right.
Because I knew--
I know too much.
And so do you-- about where
these clothes are made--
>>LISA: Was it blocking you
from receiving communications?
>>VIRTUE: It really was, yeah.
So it was about
getting in integrity.
So last year I went
through my whole closet,
and I got rid of everything
that was from a known sweatshop
producer.
And that includes some
of the major designers.
I mean, if you go on
YouTube, you can find out
who's using sweatshops and not.
And so I either donated,
or sold, or in some way
got rid of all those clothes
and filled my closet up
with organic clothes.
Homemade clothes that
I get on Etsy.com.
Have you been on Etsy?
>>LISA: Yes.
Yes.
>>VIRTUE: It's fabulous.
So it's kind of like going
to a giant crafts fair.
>>LISA: And local
handmakers here as well.
>>VIRTUE: Yes.
Yeah.
So just-- it's
basically women who
work-- they have their own
business, selling clothes.
And you can feel the difference.
You absolutely can
feel the love--
>>LISA: --love, that comes
through the clothing--
>>VIRTUE: And the
irony is, it's cheaper
than buying clothes at stores.
>>LISA: That is great.
That's great news, and you're
supporting local business
owners.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
And I also got my own
sewing machine, and--
>>LISA: Wow.
>>VIRTUE: A long time ago,
when my kids were little,
I used to sew their clothes.
So it's-- it's one on my list
to get back into doing that.
I've done a little, and
put trim on clothes,
but my dream is
to someday create
a line of beautiful
organic clothes.
Because a lot of organic clothes
still looks like granola to me.
I want to-- I want
something that's
really fashionable and chic.
But fair trade.
No sweatshops.
No toxic dyes.
Organic fabrics--
real organic fabrics.
You know?
That's my dream.
>>LISA: Did you move
into this direction
because of communication that
you've been receiving lately?
That I mentioned was intense,
for a little while there.
Tell me a little bit about that.
>>VIRTUE: It was intense.
It happened-- there was--
it was about four years ago,
there was this Venus return.
I don't know if you remember
it, but it was in June.
And I was in Europe.
And I'm going to drop
a name right now.
She's an awesome woman.
The Princess of Norway.
I was at her house.
And she's really into angels.
She channels angels.
Teaches people about angels.
>>LISA: Oh, great.
>>VIRTUE: And writes
about it, too.
So she and I were
in her backyard
during the Venus return,
doing a ceremony.
And it was like this
energy came at me.
And it said, you can't
hold back, Doreen,
in telling people what you know.
And I was, like, got it.
Because I had been--
>>LISA: Wow.
>>VIRTUE: --getting messages
since I was a child.
About, like, the
future of the world,
and, and what's in integrity,
and it seemed like every time
I talked about it-- like,
when our president at the time
said he wanted to go into
Iraq, because there was weapons
of mass destruction--
that night,
I was giving a talk
in San Francisco.
And they're real open-minded.
And I said to
everyone, he's lying.
The angels tell me there are
no weapons of mass destruction.
And this was going down
right at that moment.
And I said-- and a couple
of people in the audience
were freaking out.
They said, but he said
there's terrorists.
And I said, they're not.
This is all a cover up.
The angels told me the truth.
And some people walked out.
And I'm so sensitive
to that kind of thing.
I was, like, OK,
don't talk about that.
And then, in my newsletter, I
put kind of the same message.
And I had a lot of-- my son ran
my newsletter list at the time,
and he said, Mom,
people are cancelling.
You can't talk about this stuff.
And every time it seemed like I
could throw a little truth out
there, like I talk
about ETs, or, you know,
GMOs or something, people go,
no, no-- just stick to angels.
So it's been hard
for me, because I'm
really sensitive to
criticism and rejection.
I'm honest about that.
And so when the Venus return
happened at the Princess'
house, and I was told
"just spit it out,"
I started openly talking
about this to my audiences.
And the world had changed.
They were much more receptive.
Now, I got overboard.
I really went the other extreme.
It was like, blah,
blah, blah-- you know?
All these things I'd been
holding in for 20 years,
like, I just kind of
regurgitated them.
But then I, I got to a balance
now, where if someone asks me,
I'll tell them the absolute
truth about what the angel say,
but I don't-- I think
it scares people.
And I'm not here
to scare anyone.
So I don't offer
it, unless they ask.
>>LISA: A lot of people
in this-- on this network,
are seeking truth.
Just like you are willing
to give that truth.
>>VIRTUE: Right.
>>LISA: How can
you-- basically, what
is the communication
that came down about some
of these ETs, or
beings, and so forth,
that have come down
onto this planet now?
And then, how can we
protect against those?
Because that's really important.
>>VIRTUE: Well, it's-- we
don't need to protect against
the ETs.
They're helping us.
>>LISA: There's a group
that is helping us.
>>VIRTUE: Oh, yeah.
They-- well, it's-- they're
helping us because they love
us.
But it's mostly
because the impact
that would happen
if anything happened
to Earth-- it would have such a
ripple effect on our universe.
So they're protecting
their neighborhood,
is what they're doing.
And so they're watching over us.
Because they can
see the gyrations
that we're going through.
I mean, they've told me--
the angels have told me--
that, to the ETs, we're
like an immature baby here.
They actually likened us
to a ster-- a teenager
on steroids with a gun.
With a loaded gun.
>>LISA: Ah.
>>VIRTUE: So we're
real combustible here,
in their eyes.
So they're just watching.
They can see all this.
They're, like-- so,
so I do talk to them.
I'll be honest.
I do talk to them, and I
ask them to watch over us,
and please help us, and
help our environment.
>>LISA: I hear you say
that a lot-- watch over us,
watch over us.
Is there anything that they
give you in terms of a glimpse
into the trajectory
of the future?
>>VIRTUE: Well, they
always have shown me
that we have free will, and
there's forks in the road.
One of things they've been
talking about the last two
or three years is that those
of us who are peace lovers
need to have a balance
with also being activists.
And it's really difficult
for those who meditate a lot,
and who love just to be in
that, kind of, bubble world,
to get out of the
bubble and say,
ooh, this is going on--
I better get involved.
Without losing that peace.
And so it's something that I've
been studying, and teaching
and writing about, recently,
is that, they liken it
to-- that you could
be meditating,
and your house is all dirty--
your house isn't going to get
clean until you clean it.
And they said that the
world right now, it's
kind of got a cancer.
But it's a small
cancer, and they
said there's three
ways to heal cancer.
This is a metaphor.
They said, you can
cut it out, you know,
which is the direct
activism form.
You can ignore it, and
it'll get worse-- which is
what a lot of people are doing.
They don't want to look at it.
Or you can spiritually heal it.
And so they said,
that's the method
they'd like to see us use.
That we have the power-- through
prayer, through visualization,
through all the tools
you teach about--
to heal the cancer in the world.
>>LISA: When you hear
these messages come in,
do you feel the
messages as well?
Or do you see them?
Do you hear them, see
them, or feel them?
>>VIRTUE: It's kind
of all the above.
But mostly, when I ask about
the government's involvements,
it's like someone's
talking to me.
And I met him when
I was a child.
It's a sage.
It's a guide that
I have with me.
An old man.
Who, when I was a child, he used
to take me to see the future.
And he would talk to me
about my purpose, and such.
And it was pretty scary--
>>LISA: Scary at the time.
>>VIRTUE: I mean, I love him.
He didn't scare me.
But just seeing
these things-- and he
would take me to other
planets, and show me things,
and-- and it was just as real
as our experience right here.
>>LISA: For a while, you
denied that communication.
For a long time.
>>VIRTUE: Well, I
didn't tell people.
I mean, I knew it was real.
I absolutely-- I mean, it
was not like a regular dream.
This was tactile.
Full color.
You know--
>>LISA: Memorable.
>>VIRTUE: --every sense.
Every sense.
It's-- these were
dreams I had as a child.
I remember them like
they were yesterday.
>>LISA: Those are-- the
ones that are really
divine communication.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
>>LISA: What about-- when
that information comes in,
have you learned to deal with
it a little bit better now,
and not be as afraid?
>>VIRTUE: Yes.
I really went down the rabbit
hole of fear for a while there.
I think what they call it is
"the weird side of YouTube."
I went on that too much.
And I--
>>LISA: Oh, yes.
>>VIRTUE: And, you know,
there's a lot of fake fear.
What I learned is that,
just because it's called
alternative news does
not mean that they
don't have an ego agenda.
And there's alternative
news stations--
>>LISA: Sometimes even
stronger, actually.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
They want to sell
things based on fear.
And it's just as evil as
the government actions.
>>LISA: How do you
tell the difference?
How do you tell to look
for that piece of truth
in whatever might be an agenda?
>>VIRTUE: I think if you feel
afraid, that's a big red flag.
>>LISA: Oh.
>>VIRTUE: And to walk away.
>>LISA: Fear.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
I think, you know, you
really can resonate
on that energy of fear.
Someone who is
offering solutions--
like some of the activist
communities-- will say,
this is going on, but
here's how we can solve it.
That's the kind of committees
and news you want to look for.
>>LISA: OK.
So the messages that you
receive, though, some of them
are fear-based?
And some of them are love-based?
Or--
>>VIRTUE: Well, I got
a lot of messages--
I've been getting them my
whole life-- about government.
Wheelings and dealings.
They're not a secret.
I mean, it's now
more out in the open
than it was when I was a child.
There's even more
to it that's not
been addressed, about
behind the scenes-- it's
all about making money.
And about people
who are addicted
to being powerful, and
making a name for themselves.
It's an addiction on their part.
And some of them have
come from families
that are having rivalries
with each other, to win.
And it's, it's very childish
things they're doing.
It's a very dangerous
game they're playing.
>>LISA: With the
lives of America.
Of, of--
>>VIRTUE: --the world, yeah.
Yeah.
And then, of course, you've
got your chemical companies
masquerading as food companies
right now, and with the most--
and I have to say
this-- ingenious PR
campaign I've ever seen.
Here in Maui, the
people of Maui,
we decided that we'd
had enough with chemical
spraying from the Monsanto
plant that's here.
But it's not just Monsanto.
That's the name that's
always kicked around.
It's Agenta, and it's
also Bayer, and Dow.
And so one of the
leaders of this movement,
called Shaka Movement,
found this cool loophole
in the laws, that said that
something has to be proven
safe to be on this island.
And so we campaigned
to get enough petition
signatures to get this
on the ballot last year.
That we would have a
moratorium on genetic
modify experimentation
and chemicals
until it could be proven safe.
And of course it
can't be proven safe.
So the companies
were up in arms,
and they spent up to
$8 million with this.
And I just have to
say, objectively,
it was an ingenious campaign.
The campaign, they said, was
that this was a farm ban,
and there would be police
in all of our backyards
to check our
gardens, and we'd be
put in jail if we were
growing anything that
was genetically modified.
And people believe that here.
Because there's real
trusting people here.
But fortunately, we
won-- by just a margin--
>>LISA: Wow.
>>VIRTUE: 2% to 3%.
>>VIRTUE: But right now
it's still in court,
because there's
politicians here who
are being paid off by Monsanto,
who are not allowing the law
to go through.
And you're seeing
this in Oregon,
you're seeing this
in Colorado, you're
seeing this in all the states.
Even Vermont, that did
pass a labeling law.
You're seeing-- it's a
chemical company who's-- now,
their PR campaign is you
need us to feed the world,
because the world's going
to starve without us.
Absolutely not
backed up by science,
that shows that organics are
actually increasing crops,
and keep right up with genetic
modification food, that--
>>LISA: Are they--
>>VIRTUE: --that-- yeah.
In terms of yield,
it's identical.
Now, in 1996, the angels
told me to get off
a list of chemicals--
to stop ingesting them.
And they gave me a whole list.
And I wrote about it, and
have it up on my website.
And so I took that to heart.
I became organic
and vegan in 1996,
and stopped buying shampoo
at regular stores, started
using health food
toiletries and everything.
And so, to me, it's kind
of like the world is
hearing that angel message
that I heard a long time ago.
And it's so beautiful.
Because even on
mainstream shows--
there's this show in
America called "Shark Tank."
It's also called "Dragon's
Den" somewhere else.
And if you watch
it, it's a fun show,
because it's all
these people who
have ideas, that
are entrepreneurs,
and they're going to talk to
these venture capitalists.
You'll hear probably
about half of them
bragging that their product,
if it's food, is non-GMO,
or organic.
>>LISA: Right.
>>VIRTUE: And every one-- and
these billionaires are going,
oh, that's great it's
organic and non-GMO.
You didn't hear that,
even five years ago.
I mean, I remember reading
about non-GMO in "Rolling Stone"
magazine, which was
alternative 10 years ago,
but there was really
no talk about it.
Because of these campaigns--
>>LISA: Yes.
And its powered by
the people campaigns.
These were-- the whole movement
was powered by the people.
And it was just voted down
by the select companies.
>>VIRTUE: Yes.
>>LISA: The larger companies,
with the big, huge media
campaigns.
But they-- the people,
the movement, it
will continue on, because it
was started by the people.
>>VIRTUE: Well, it's
giving people confidence.
You know.
And so, what I see is, there's
all these offshoot or activism
campaigns, you know, there's
Moms Against Monsanto,
and all of these
different campaigns.
By the way, if I
was Monsanto's head,
I would change the
name of the company.
Who wants to be the
most despised company
name in the world?
But this is what the
angels are talking about.
It's a time of taking action.
>>LISA: OK.
So will that work
into the future?
>>VIRTUE: Yes.
>>LISA: And it is.
It's going to make a difference.
>>VIRTUE: Well,
what it is, is they
told me-- this is about
three years ago-- they said
there would be whistle blowers.
And they said that most of them
were indigos-- young people.
Well, they're relatively young.
30s.
20s and 30s.
And Edward Snowden's
among them, and, you know,
there's a few who
aren't so well known,
but that this will continue
to be whistle blowers.
That the darkness cannot hide.
That secrets are now being
exposed to the light.
So we can expect
that to continue.
>>LISA: Beautiful.
>>VIRTUE: God bless
whistle blowers, right?
>>LISA: Beautiful.
That was beautifully said--
the darkness cannot hide.
I love that.
We're going to take
a look at a video
here, where Doreen's talking
about what's coming up
in the future of this year.
Take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
-Hi.
It's Doreen, and happy 2015.
This is your annual
angel card reading.
And I'm going to work this
year with this deck of cards.
After praying about
what deck to use,
this one came through
very loud and clear.
It's the "Daily Guidance From
Your Angels Oracle Cards."
This is the deck that I always
recommend to those beginning
with working with angel
cards, and I'm obviously not
a beginner, and I
still choose to work
with this deck, again and again
and again-- one of the reasons
being that, even though
it comes with a guidebook,
each card has a message
written so thoroughly on it
that you don't even have
to consult the guidebook.
Just read the cards and
listen to God and your angels.
So as you saw, I've been
praying over these cards,
and I'm asking the
Lord to send all of us
guidance, lessons, and
blessings for 2015.
And I'm going to
be drawing 12 cards
and talking with you about this.
But before I draw
those cards, I want
to give you some messages
that have already been coming
to me about this new year.
One of the things they
wanted me to remind you
is that, for those of you who,
like me, are history buffs, who
read history books,
watch history shows,
you've read the
Bible, which is really
a historical, beautiful
book, and then
other books going even farther
back to Babylonian times
and Egyptian times,
you'll know that things
happen on this planet.
This is a physical, 3-D planet.
And earth changes happen.
People's egos come about.
There's just nasty
things that happen.
And of course that's an ego
judgment, to call it nasty.
But with the advent
of the internet,
we instantly know about
what's going on in this world.
And it can seem like
more is going on.
But I want to just
reassure you that these
are things that happen in
the 3-D physical plane.
A lot of us, unconsciously--
or maybe even
consciously-- remember
heaven as a place
where there was
love, and compassion,
and mind-to-mind communication--
and most of all, peace.
There was no competition.
There was no revenge.
There was no "that's
mine," "give me this,"
or violence of any kind
like that in heaven.
And on a soul level,
we keep trying
to recreate that here on the
3-D plane of duality, Earth.
This is something I talk
about in depth in my book,
"Assertiveness
for Earth Angels,"
but I wanted to
remind you of this,
because it seems like
right around the beginning
of the year, and then
the end of the year,
there's this perfectionism that
we go into, where we're saying,
if this is going
to be a good year,
then therefore nothing bad
will happen in the world.
And then, sure
enough, some tragedy
happens somewhere--
not to diminish it.
And there's this part of
our ego that says, see?
I told you.
This year is ruined.
And we want to
watch out for that.
That's something
that is, as I said,
an ego-based perfectionism.
It's unrealistic in
this world to think
that nothing's going to happen.
I mean, it's part
of the life cycle.
Things happen.
And unfortunately,
horrible tragedies happen.
And there are some
people in this world who
act in ways that the rest
of us can't understand--
that are very, very
sad, and very upsetting.
What we need to do, though,
is to stay on our own path,
while praying for
all those situations.
And if you're guided to help in
other ways, such as donating,
or getting involved, great.
But mainly, you're here
to be a teacher of peace.
And the best way that
you can teach peace
is to be at peace yourself.
And that means not
letting yourself
get distracted and pulled off
the path by these news stories.
Remember that news
is a very yang,
or the ego side of
the masculine energy,
because it's all reporting
those competitions.
It's all reporting the
revenge, and the plotting,
and the violence.
And those of us who
are highly sensitive,
we need the more yin
energy-- the more feminine,
sacred feminine energy-- which
is cooperation and nurturing,
and peace.
And so, the more that
you can do things
that help you to be at peace--
and you know what they are,
and your guidance is giving
you this all the time--
eating well, getting
enough sleep,
staying away from negative
people and negative situations,
and really going
to positive places.
Going outside in nature.
Spending time with
beautiful, peaceful people--
maybe at your spiritual
classes, or-- I
love yoga studios is
a wonderful, kind of,
temple, modern day
temple you can go to,
and really listening
to soft, gentle music.
Indulging in arts and crafts.
Creativity.
Working with essential
oils and crystals.
And of course, prayer.
And meditation.
And all of these activities
that you engage in
help you to do your
life path, your purpose
of being a teacher of peace.
Of glowing.
Of being that reflection of
God's beautiful light and love.
And so 2015 is-- what
they're telling me,
the theme this year is,
it's about taking action.
They are telling me that this
year, you are extra intuitive.
Extra open.
And that you are getting
literal, million dollar ideas.
And these ideas are
downloading to you
as answers to your prayers.
Perhaps you've been
asking for how you can
be in a more meaningful career.
How you can contribute
to this world in a way
that is important to your
soul, and your heart.
And helps others.
Perhaps you've been praying
for financial security,
or more health.
The ideas are the
answers to your prayers.
They come as
repetitive thoughts.
Ideas.
Or feelings that come again
and again, to do something,
to take some action.
They might come as
signs, where you
keep getting told over and over
again to read a certain book,
or take a certain class.
Or phrases come to
you, again and again.
Those are like the crumbs
on a trail-- breadcrumbs
on a trail-- leading you to what
the answer to your prayer is.
And every person on this
planet who, right now, today,
is enjoying peace, and security,
and fulfillment and success,
they've taken and are
taking action steps.
And there's nothing
excluding you from this.
I can assure you that all
of us who take action steps,
we wrestle with our ego, too.
In fact, the bigger
your life purpose is,
the louder your ego will get.
So the bigger your purpose,
the louder the fear is.
So we can't let
fear hold us back.
[END VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>LISA: So how can we
use the new intuition
that you talked
about in that video
to help us tune into
these messages ourselves?
>>VIRTUE: Well,
first of all, it's
about being-- are
you ready for them?
Because once you do, your
whole life will change.
As you know.
So some people
want-- they want--
they have one foot
on the gas pedal,
and one foot on the break,
when it comes to intuition.
Because they want
to hear messages.
But they only want to hear
it on their own terms.
They don't want to hear that
they have to change their job,
that they really shouldn't
be in this relationship.
Oh, by the way,
that friend is not
a good friend, and
that you should move,
and you should
exercise-- you know,
they want to hear messages
on their own terms.
So if you're open to hearing
whatever the truth is,
that's when everything starts.
And I always tell people,
the best way to start
is, when you go to sleep--
as you're falling asleep--
you've got guardian
angels with you.
We all do.
Ask those guardian angels
to come into your dreams
and answer a specific
question you have.
It could be a question
of, what's next for me?
Should I leave my job?
If I start my own business,
will it be a success?
How will I find my soul mate?
Whatever your question is,
just ask your guardian angel
as you're falling asleep.
And then they will answer you.
Because when we're sleeping,
the ego's asleep, too.
And we're wide open.
When you wake up, you may
not remember the dream,
but you'll have
that answer in you.
>>LISA: And if that
answer isn't something
that you can handle at the
time, can you then pray,
and say, allow me to
be able to increase
my havingness for that answer,
or be able to handle that?
>>VIRTUE: I wish
people would do that.
That'd be great.
That takes being highly
evolved, to even think of that.
>>LISA: It's just
what I thought of,
just now, is that yes,
I might get the answer,
but I don't know how to do that.
>>VIRTUE: Right.
Yeah.
The "how" is what's
so interesting.
Because we're all taught,
through Western schooling,
to plan ahead, and to make
sure your ducks are in a row
before you move forward.
And when you work with the
divine, it's not like that.
It's truly walking a step
at a time, and faith.
So they will show you, if you
ask, what's the next step.
But they won't show
you 20 steps from now.
Because they say that
you wouldn't believe it.
>>LISA: It's just the next step.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
Yeah, it's a breadcrumb trail.
Literally.
>>LISA: You said something
really beauti-- brilliant.
You said that having
angels with you
is just like having
your lungs with you.
You know they're there, but they
just work for you all the time.
And they just
continually work for you.
>>VIRTUE: And you can't
survive without angels.
>>LISA: Mm.
And you can't
survive without them.
So every single one of us
listening and watching this
has an angel.
And maybe many, with us.
Whether we know it or not.
>>VIRTUE: Right.
>>LISA: And they help us,
whether we know it or not.
>>VIRTUE: Right.
>>LISA: That is a
beautiful message.
>>VIRTUE: They're our
connection to home.
I mean, this is not home.
This-- we're all on vacation.
Some of us are here
on assignment--
it's not so much a vacation.
But there's this part of
all of us that's homesick.
Deep down, we all know that
this isn't where we belong.
We don't feel like we fit in.
We don't feel accepted.
We don't know the rules here.
This is awkward
here, to be here.
It's harsh.
And so the angels help.
It's almost like they're holding
tubes of oxygen to heaven,
or what's our home.
And just helping us to
survive and get through this.
Even though it's 100
years, max, to be here,
it seems like a long
assignment when we're here.
And they are supporting
that-- because we all
have a mission to do here.
>>LISA: Now, you have made a
decision to stop traveling.
>>VIRTUE: Yes.
Except for once a year, to go
to California and see my peeps.
>>LISA: Mm-hm.
Your family.
>>VIRTUE: Mm-hm.
>>LISA: So where did you
get that communication from,
and why?
>>VIRTUE: That was just
a general communication
that many people are
getting-- to respect yourself.
And to take care of yourself.
And that's why I wrote
this book-- "Assertiveness
For Earth Angels."
Because I was-- being a
first-born child, and kind
of being co-dependent, I
wanted to please my parents.
Get straight A's-- you
know, be the hero child.
And so I continued
that through my life.
And when my publisher
told me-- it's--
Let me just segue for a minute.
When you're a writer, you
tend to be an introvert.
You know, you're kind of shy.
To sit there at your
desk and write a book
requires a certain
amount of introversion.
>>LISA: And you've
done this 50 times.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
And so, then, once
you finish the book,
you're told to go out
and be with people,
and tell them about the book.
These don't always go together.
So it was really a
natural part of my growth
to go for 25 years around
the world, teaching.
And a lot of it
was real enjoyable.
It changed me.
You know.
It growed me up.
It helped me to
learn, and expand
beyond just American culture,
and see how the rest of world
lives.
But it was not natural for me.
In astrology, I'm a
triple earth sign.
Meaning homebody.
I like to be home.
And so every time I
would have to leave,
it was like Velcro, trying
to get me off of my house.
>>LISA: Oh, my goodness.
>>VIRTUE: And then
when I moved to Maui,
and I started-- I had
got even more pets.
You know, I came over
here with a bunch of pets.
But since I've been in
Maui, now I have 30 pets.
>>LISA: Wow.
So you don't want to leave.
>>VIRTUE: I don't want to leave.
I mean, there's rainbows
here-- anuenues.
There's the warm ocean.
There's relatively clean
air here, and safety,
and so it just got to be
more and more painful.
Plus, I started doing
this filming and making
online videos.
And not only was that
more convenient for me,
it was more convenient
for the people attending.
They didn't have to fly,
or get a hotel room.
Much more economical.
People would often
complain about the prices
of my workshops, and I'd be,
like, well, look at this.
We have to rent this ballroom.
I have to fly here.
I have staff.
You don't have those issues
with an online class.
You simply have a video.
>>LISA: And you--
really, the transmission
of the communication
from the angels
comes through these videos.
>>VIRTUE: Yes.
>>LISA: It's really beautiful.
And also, they're done
in your home setting.
>>VIRTUE: Yes.
So I'm much happier.
>>LISA: Gorgeous, too.
We're going to take a
look at one of the videos
here, where Doreen's talking
about her book "Assertiveness
For Earth Angels."
Take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
-Hi.
I'm Doreen Virtue-- author of
the new book, "Assertiveness
For Earth Angels."
And host of the online
class with the same title.
Today I'd like to talk with you
briefly about how assertiveness
helps your dreams to come true.
And how the opposite,
aggression, or being passive,
actually blocks you from
your heart's desire.
Every day I get posts
on Facebook or letters
from readers who say
to me, essentially,
what are the angels say?
Will I get the job
I want this year?
Will I get the husband
Will I be able to move?
And these questions
are heartfelt,
and I have such
compassion for everyone
who wants to know the
answers to these questions.
And so part of what
I want to teach today
is how to help you with
questions such as this.
So assertiveness is
very, very different
from aggressiveness, and
passivity, as I've mentioned.
What aggressiveness does is,
it comes from a place of fear.
Aggression says, ooh,
I might not get this.
I might not get a
lack of what I desire.
So I'm going to chase after it.
I'm going to push for it.
I'm going to try and
control the outcome.
And what happens is, every
time you chase after anything,
it runs away from you.
So whether you're chasing
after getting a soul mate
relationship, or a better job,
or a better place to live,
or more clairvoyance,
pushing, and trying
to force it to
happen never works.
Because it comes from
that space of lack.
It comes from that
underlying fear
of maybe this won't happen.
And any time you
put that fear out,
that's what manifests,
unfortunately.
Now, the flip side
of aggressiveness--
it might seem like the
opposite, but it's actually
just another side to
aggressiveness-- is passivity.
Passivity is where we
sit there and we say,
I wish this would happen.
Now, that's different
than praying.
Praying for it.
Please, God-- please
send me my soul mate.
Please, God-- please give
me this job of my dreams.
Please help me to find a safe,
comfortable home that I love,
and easily afford.
Those kind of prayers
are active and assertive.
Because you'll get answers.
You'll get divine guidance.
And you've got to take action
on the divine guidance.
That's the key to
assertiveness--
is taking action
from a place of love.
Check it out.
The opposite--
aggression-- takes action
from a place of lack, and fear.
And so it just
goes out of its way
to push, to control,
to try to force.
And passivity takes a
different kind of action step.
Passivity means that you're so
afraid of being disappointed--
you're afraid of getting
your heart broken,
once again-- that
you don't even try.
You give up.
It's a form of
depression, to be passive.
In passivity, you might even
get sarcastic, or callous.
You might say, dream on.
That'll never happen.
That happens to other people.
They're lucky.
Not me.
Cancel, clear, delete.
Because those
aren't true at all.
Unless you affirm it enough.
And that's what you're
putting out to the universe.
With passivity, you're not
taking any action steps
outside of in your mind.
You're taking internal action
steps to block and thwart
what your dreams are.
And really, that's
what it takes.
It takes a monumental
amount of energy,
and an effort to
block the universe
from answering your prayers.
Because the universe
is on your side.
It wants to answer your prayers.
God wants to help you,
like any loving parent,
and make sure that you have
plenty to spare and share--
for yourself, for your
family, your loved ones,
and to donate to
charities of your choice.
But you can block all of that
gift energy with worrying.
With affirming in the negative.
Why don't I have a soul mate?
Why don't I have enough money?
Why don't I have a good job?
I hear people say this at
every workshop I go to,
and I have to stop them
and say, why are you
affirming that you don't have?
Let's affirm what you
do want-- not what
you are afraid you don't have.
So affirming is
a form of prayer.
It's a form of assertiveness.
And affirming comes
from that place of love.
And it says thank you, God,
for this wonderful job.
Thank you, God, for
this wonderful home.
my perfect health.
Thank you, God,
for my happiness.
Thank you, God, for my
soul mate relationship,
and so on and so forth.
Just affirming, and
praying, and then
following your divine guidance.
It might seem to be
so subtly simple,
but it is the action of love.
And love, after all, is
the only power there is.
For more information
and tips like
this to help you on your path,
to get going with your life,
and to feel empowered, and to
feel courageous and confident
from a place of love, please
join us for our online class
called "Assertiveness
For Earth Angels."
Here's the website.
You can sign up to be with me,
live, starting March fifth,
or you can take it at any
time, at your own pace,
listening to this on your
computer or your smartphone Hay
House radio app.
I'm so looking forward to
working with you personally.
On class four, I'll be taking
calls and answering questions
from people who will be joining
us on our special Facebook
page dedicated to the class.
And I am just so
excited to work with you
and help you on
your way, because I
know that when you're
on your purpose,
you're going to help so
many of us on this planet.
Sending you lots of love,
angel blessings, and aloha.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>LISA: So "Assertiveness
For Earth Angels."
As you said earlier,
that you tended
to be more of an introvert and
not speak up for yourself so
much, many people
feel that way that
are in that same vibration.
Not speaking up for yourself.
Allowing yourself
to be treated badly.
Not saying "no"
when you need to.
So how do you teach
us to do that?
>>VIRTUE: Well, I think some
people have to hit bottom
with it, you know.
Unfortunately, some people
get really serious health
conditions from storing up anger
and resentment all those years.
>>LISA: Addiction?
>>VIRTUE: Addictions--
for me, I would run away.
I would get in an
unhealthy relationship,
and instead of dealing with
it I would run away from it.
And start over, and then get
another unhealthy relationship.
And so at some point, if you
see this unhealthy pattern
in yourself, we
need to look at it.
So with "Assertiveness
For Earth Angels,"
it's really been me sharing this
process of sensitive people.
It's really about,
being highly sensitive,
people can feel what
other people are thinking.
And we tend to please
the other people,
because we can feel
what they want to hear.
And so we lose our
own self with that.
We become real inauthentic,
and we lose our personal power.
So "Assertiveness
For Earth Angels"
really talks about
the high cost you're
paying by giving away yourself--
not only in terms of health,
but in terms of the mission
you came here to do.
I mean, we-- we've come
here to be teachers.
And if you allow someone
to treat you badly,
you're teaching
that person it's OK.
>>LISA: Right.
>>VIRTUE: And then
they might go on
to treat another person badly.
So speaking our truth
is not aggressive.
That's where people get
mixed up-- aggressiveness
and assertiveness.
Assertiveness simply means
lovingly saying, hey,
I feel like this right now.
I feel stressed when
I hear you say that.
I feel unsafe when
Owning the feelings.
Not saying "you make
me feel this way."
>>LISA: OK.
>>VIRTUE: And then, in
a healthy relationship,
the person will hear
that, and then negotiate
what's going on with them.
I mean, now, we all have issues.
Every one of us.
And I'm writing a
new book right now
about how stress has
affected all of us.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>VIRTUE: I mean, there's nobody
who's unscarred right now.
And so, part of it, too,
is having compassion.
When we give our
power away to someone,
whether it's a boss,
or a co-worker,
or anyone who frightens us, then
we have taken the power away,
from God, and from ourselves.
And we also are not seeing
the real relationship;
we're reacting to
kind of a cartoon,
or a movie that's inside of us,
instead of that real person.
>>LISA: Archangel
Michael is someone
that you speak about a lot.
"Someone," I say--
>>VIRTUE: He's the boss.
>>LISA: The boss.
What type of communication
is coming through right now?
>>VIRTUE: At this very moment?
I'll ask.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>VIRTUE: Oh, he has
a good sense of humor.
He said-- it all comes through
so strong-- but the bottom line
that I got for all of us is
to really work on our heart,
and opening our heart, no
matter how scared we are.
He said he has
compassion for all of us.
That we are scared little
children on this planet.
That we feel out of control,
and that we've lost control,
and that the hunger for control
is driving us to addictions.
But he said that the
only control you have
is over opening your own heart.
And he said, that's the world.
He says, don't worry that--
is this world going to come
to an end, or is it safe?
He says, focus on this world.
>>LISA: Surrounding
yourself with those people
really allows you to
open your heart as well.
When you come in--
>>VIRTUE: It does.
>>LISA: --contact with
like-minded people who are open
in their heart shakras,
then, yes, it allows you to--
>>VIRTUE: Or animals, too.
>>LISA: Ah.
>>VIRTUE: When I was going
through a very trying period
is when I got my first dog.
I'd always had cats, but my
family didn't-- for some reason
didn't allow dogs.
And my whole adult life I
just continued that rule.
I didn't have dogs.
And when I got my first dog
and held her to my heart,
I could feel her heart
open, and opening my heart.
And I call it "puppy therapy."
>>LISA: Yes.
>>VIRTUE: And I think
it's why I have 10 dogs.
Because they are literal angels.
And every time I need anything
to keep my heart open,
I hold one of my dogs.
And it-- you know
what it reminds me of?
I went to Lourdes,
France a few years ago.
And went to the grotto that
Saint Bernadette dug up,
because Mother Mary told her to.
And when you get close to that
grotto, it feels like heaven.
If you-- you can feel the energy
of angels swirling around you.
And, I mean, visually, it's
just insane to go there,
because there's all
these gurneys with people
on their deathbed, and
being pushed up to the well,
and something like
70 people have
been healed of terminal
illnesses, going there.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>VIRTUE: Including
Napoleon's daughter back then.
But anyway, so being with dogs
reminds me of being at Lourdes.
Because some angels
take on human forms
temporarily, to save us.
You've heard of these stories.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>VIRTUE: And I write
about these stories
every week, in the
"Women's World"
magazine that I write for.
Where, you know,
someone's in trouble,
and some person shows up--
>>LISA: Absolutely.
>>VIRTUE: And there's no logical
reason they could be there.
They know what to do.
They know the name of everyone.
They help.
Before you can say thank
you, that person's gone.
It's happening all around
the world-- in the audiences
I've surveyed.
But dogs-- I mean, it's God
spelled backwards for a reason.
>>LISA: That's right.
>>VIRTUE: And there's some dogs
that are not angelic for sure,
but if someone wants
to open their heart,
I think that's the fastest path.
Just get a dog and hug it.
>>LISA: Yep.
That is amazing.
Absolutely.
All right, so, speaking
of communication
you're coming through--
that's coming through
with you, actually,
watch this video,
and take part in this meditation
that Doreen's going to do here.
It's a prayer for
peace on earth.
Take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
-This is our beautiful planet.
This is our home.
You and I have come to
this beautiful planet
for a very important mission.
And the time for our
mission is right now.
Your beautiful heart
is a portal that
brings loving, divine
light and healing
energy into the physical realm.
The doorway of your heart
brings through powerful energies
that are much needed right now.
Opening your heart
means breathing.
And stilling and
quieting the mind.
Letting go of any drama.
Allowing yourself to be at
this place of compassion
for yourself and others.
As an earth angel, you
see past the surface,
and you go to the
heart of the matter.
Peace is all that matters.
At the end of our
physical lives,
the only question we will
ask is, how much did I love?
Right now, we can all
answer that question
by opening our hearts and
allowing God's divine love
to come through us-- breathing--
and allowing this love.
By doing this, we are
at peace, because we
are on the path of
our divine mission.
You are a sacred being,
sent here by the Creator
to bring about healing through
your intentions of love
and peace, and your
focus upon being
a angel of this divine light.
Let us now join together
in this intention,
and focus upon bringing forth
all of the universal blessings,
all of the universal wisdom,
and the focus upon peace.
And we let go of all earthly
judgments about ourselves
or others, and we see
the divine perfection
within every one
and every thing.
And as we see this spiritual
truth of divine perfection,
so it is revealed.
Breathing, and allowing this
divine, healing love and peace
to flow through you to your
loved ones, to your community,
to your country, and
to every being who
shares our home with us.
Releasing any old
darkness or heaviness.
Releasing all
attachments of the ego.
And cleansing,
purifying, and ascending
this beautiful planet,
and everyone on it,
now-- in all directions of time.
Breathing-- and releasing,
for everyone, old grievances,
competition, greed,
selfishness, any toxicity.
Releasing any egoic principles.
And bringing in
this energy of one.
We, our, and of peace.
[END VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>LISA: OK.
So it's fair to say
that, eventually,
that there will be
more tragedy that's
going to happen in this
world-- in this world,
and that there will be
more challenges that we're
going to have to deal with.
How do we go forward
as an army of angels,
maybe, to be able to handle
those types of tragedies?
>>VIRTUE: Well, that's
what it really is.
It comes down to handling it.
I wish that I could say
that, oh, now, you know,
Jesus is back and it's
all peace on earth,
and there's no more
earthquakes and such.
But that's not what
this planet's about.
Since every recorded
piece of history
shows that the world goes
through earth changes.
And then, of course, now we've
got weather modification--
geoengineering-- so you've
got these super storms,
and you've got fracking with
earthquakes-- in addition
to the natural disasters, right.
And there's people who
are working their ego.
Who are doing things
that are very violent.
I wish I could say that
that's all going to stop.
It's not.
What's going to stop is us
getting caught up in the fear.
There are some organizations
artificially creating
tragedies, to make us afraid,
so that we will be manipulated
in their direction.
And that is happening with a lot
of the big, violent things that
are on the news.
Almost all of them
are engineered.
And they're dramatic,
Hollywood produc--
>>LISA: I've heard.
No, I've heard.
>>VIRTUE: They're productions.
And--
>>LISA: School
shootings, things--
>>VIRTUE: Everything.
All of that is just completely--
>>LISA: --manufactured.
>>VIRTUE: What I love is that--
it used to be, people would be,
like, oh, my God, oh,
my God, oh, my God.
But I'm seeing where it's not
that people are getting jaded,
but they're not getting
caught in-- getting hooked
into the fear.
That's our mission--
is not to get hooked
in the fear of the
artificial productions.
And whether it's weather
modification-- you know,
one country fights another
by creating storms.
So they create tsunamis.
I mean, that's how wars
are happening right now.
>>LISA: Weather.
>>VIRTUE: Weather.
Yeah.
>>LISA: Wars.
>>VIRTUE: Yeah.
And it's been happening
since the '60s.
But now it's more open.
And you know, we just can't--
you can't let your ego get
hooked in, and see-- think,
oh, my God, the end is near.
You just can't do that.
We have to be the
children of the light--
and really be the
role models of peace.
And it really reminds me
of when I'm on an airplane,
and there's big turbulence.
The first thing you do is, you
watch that flight attendant
to see her expression.
And if she's still
smiling, you know
it's just normal turbulence.
We are the same as
the flight attendants.
When there's turbulence
in our world,
we have to still be smiling.
And at peace.
>>LISA: Interesting.
Well, that's a
wonderful example,
because yes, there will be
things that are happening,
and major tragedies, because
they are being manufactured.
People are starting to
look more towards the truth
of the tragedy first.
>>VIRTUE: But let
me just interject--
while looking at
the truth, blaming
is not a helpful energy.
>>LISA: OK.
>>VIRTUE: And saying, oh, this
person's evil, or that's evil.
And even I've said that.
But it's higher
elevation to have
compassion on the whole
drama, and then to speak up.
Assertively.
You know.
I think the more of us
that are aware of who
the politicians
are, because there
are some good politicians.
There really are people who
want to get into office who've
got-- who are in the light.
The more of us who can
educate ourselves who they are
and vote for them-- register to
be a voter, and vote, and get
involved.
That's the promise
that will work.
>>LISA: And how do you
know the good ones from--
>>VIRTUE: You've got
to go see them speak.
You have to get
out of your house.
It's not TV ads.
It's not the flyers
you get in the mail.
It's going and meeting them.
You know?
And then, helping them.
Donate to them.
If I find a politician, I
stand on the side of the road
and hold up their
signs for them.
I mean, if you want the world
to change, help it to change.
>>LISA: Yeah.
Absolutely.
Well, thank you so
much for joining me,
and for all of the
wonderful messages
that you help communicate
so clearly from the divine.
And giving us a glimpse
into the world to come.
I appreciate it.
Preparing us with
tools, as well--
to be able to deal
with what's coming up.
>>VIRTUE: I'll say mahalo.
>>LISA: Mahalo.
Mahalo.
And if you would like to
watch a replay of my interview
with Doreen Virtue or
share it with your friends,
you can go to gaiamtv.com.
And until next time, I
invite you to stay inspired.
[MUSIC PLAYING]